README.md, before:

WeasylPreviews
==============

Chrome extension to tweak the weasyl browsing experience  
Features added: 
- hovering over thumbnails for 1 second will show a preview of the
submission's description and tags.  
- Large submissions will not have a vertical space larger than the window's height,
and a button has been added to allow you to expand and un-expand it.


Released under MIT License http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

Changelog:
V1.8
- Fixed for new Weasyl thumbnails

V1.7 
- Added "Search Builder" to search boxes for making advanced search queries from form fields
- Added "OLDER" and "NEWER" links beneath submission images for easier gallery navigation
- Fixed a bug where Character images would not be re-sized

V1.6 fixes issues with user icons and html special characters (e.g < > &) not displaying properly, and an issue with spacing on the right side of the screen when no image preview is used.

V1.5 adds configurable options (accessable via chrome://extensions ) and the ability to preview small versions of the submissions image.

V1.4 doesn't exist

V1.3 contains a small compatibility fix that was causing the image expand feature to not work in older versions of chrome

V1.2
- First firefox version
- Added a message to specify journals not being previewable (previously just said "cant show characters" for all)

V1.1
- Added z-index property to previews so they dont go under stuff

V1.0
- Initial release

Commit message:

V1.11 new submissions url format
also firefox is a webextensions I guess

README.md, after:

WeasylPreviews
==============

Chrome extension to tweak the weasyl browsing experience  
Features added: 
- hovering over thumbnails for 1 second will show a preview of the
submission's description and tags.  
- Large submissions will not have a vertical space larger than the window's height,
and a button has been added to allow you to expand and un-expand it.


Released under MIT License http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

Changelog:
V1.11
- Migrate firefox addon to WebExtensions
  - even though I still need to have two separate versions because of various inconsistencies
- Remove jQuery dependencies from firefox version
- add provisions for new canonical submission URL format

V1.9
- Update for CSRF tokens

V1.8
- Fixed for new Weasyl thumbnails

V1.7 
- Added "Search Builder" to search boxes for making advanced search queries from form fields
- Added "OLDER" and "NEWER" links beneath submission images for easier gallery navigation
- Fixed a bug where Character images would not be re-sized

V1.6 fixes issues with user icons and html special characters (e.g < > &) not displaying properly, and an issue with spacing on the right side of the screen when no image preview is used.

V1.5 adds configurable options (accessable via chrome://extensions ) and the ability to preview small versions of the submissions image.

V1.4 doesn't exist

V1.3 contains a small compatibility fix that was causing the image expand feature to not work in older versions of chrome

V1.2
- First firefox version
- Added a message to specify journals not being previewable (previously just said "cant show characters" for all)

V1.1
- Added z-index property to previews so they dont go under stuff

V1.0
- Initial release
